Receipts (#25)
transfeera/api-doc: README.md

}
```

## Transfer receipts

> We have two types of receipts, transfeera that can be used to fiscal purposes and bank that we get from internet banking. Our receipts links provided from sheets, api or e-mail have a expiration date of 60 days, after that the link will not be available anymore. To get another link just make a request or obtain via platform.

Reviewer: `a expiration of 60 days`

` make a request or in platform`

> We have two types of receipts, transfeera that can be used to fiscal purposes and bank that we get from internet banking. Our receipts links provided from sheets, api or e-mail have a expiration date of 60 days, after that the link will not be available anymore. To get another link just make a request or obtain via platform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have two types of receipts, the transfeera that can be used for fiscal purposes, and the bank that is provided by the bank itself. Our receipts links that are in the sheets we generate, or o retrived from the api or e-mail have an expiration date of 60 days, after that the link will not be available anymore. To get another link just make a new request or login into our application.
```
